okay so I guess I could hmm I guess i'll
just do two reads of it and you just
tell me which one you like Sango these
are my true feelings so please listen
and hear me out Sango to me you're a
very special woman I never thought so
strongly or fondly of any woman that I
do for you sang go however right now I
can't love you as the woman you are
because you're a comrade alongside whom
I fight and that is how I feel Sango
what I really mean to say is this if the
battle with Naraku comes to an end and
the curse of my wind tunnel was broken
and we're still alive if that time comes
will you live with me and bear my first
child Sango so you'll bear my children
even if it's Jan or 20 of them No Sango
these are my true feelings so please
listen and hear me out Sango to me
you're a very special woman I never
thought so strongly or fondly of any
woman that I do for you sang go however
right now I can't love you as the woman
you are because you're a comrade
alongside whom I fight that's how I feel
Sango what I really mean to say is this
if the battle with not who comes to an
end and the curse of my wind tunnel was
broken and we're still alive if that
time comes
will you live with me and bear my first
child Sango so you'll bear my children
even if it's 10 or 20 of them